Properties templates area (#190)
workadventure/scripting-api-extra: docs/variable-to-property-binding.md

The website above will be displayed only if the `enableWebsite` variable is set to `true`.

> If you want to use bindings with area object you have to set a custom property "Dynamic" to true
> but if you set the Dynamic property, you can't use the map editor for this area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use bindings with area objects, you must first set a custom "dynamic" property to true.

It should be noted that "dynamic" areas are accessible via the scripting API but are not editable in the (upcoming) map editor. 
```

Reviewer: Move this to the "context" section
